# crispy-computing
This was the day after the Reindeer Project when we started to explicitly use commands

The cat jumped off the bridge, but lived because the cat is still alive. The cat ran home to its owner, over 40 miles away. The cat is a super cat. But the cat wasn't always this way. The cat used to have love, the cat used to have a family. The cat used to have cats that they could look upon fondly. All of that changed the night on the SS New Mexico.
The cat watched the waves crash upon the shore as he thought back to that night. The cat waved its head and walked on, trying to stop themselves from spiraling back into the horror of that night. When they reached the house, it was burned to the ground. 
Could it be? No. The cat knew it was impossible. But yet, there was somehow a chance. The cat couldn't help but be filled with promise as they thought back to that changing night. The screams from her late husband Sam as he played with his one ball of yarn as the lights flickered. Sam used to love his yarn. He used to have two balls of yarn, but he lost one that night. Through the screams and terror, the ship starting to sink as the two cats were thrown around. That's where Sam lost his yarn. Despite the cruel grasp of reality starting to grab them, they looked into each other's eyes as they realized they would be torn apart, if they made it out alive. Sam mustered the courage the speak as he told the cat, "When we - If we make it out of here alive. I will come find you. I will be there for you, you will know it's me because of the fire." As he spoke, he lost grip of his last ball of yarn as he was thrust overboard, and they were seperated. It's been 6 years since that night, the cat thought. This must be a coincidence.

